standing by the bar:
what a lot of people don't realize or think about is the fact that if you're making money off of music and you're not top 40, it's almost all coming from live shows. From the guy who plays guitar in a bar while people are talking all the way up to the bands that can sell out a smallish 200 person venue in NYC, they're all making all of their money off of live shows. And right now, there's no dominant tech for that! It's all old school, people telling about their shows on facebook, working something out with the bar. The one app, bandsintown, people use to track rihanna, not the show that's going to sell out this place tonight. This is a market that's ripe for the taking.

ENGAGEMENT

text denzel about cash for engagement?


hey, introduce ourselves, talk about local music scene, main bands, the place we're in, the way it brings communities together

musique- how it works, what it does

why it's special

LIVE MUSIC IS STILL HOW THESE PEOPLE MAKE MOST OF THEIR MONEY - biggest and maybe only income for most of these people

how recorded music is evolving, fragmenting, live music needs a revolution too

why it's a big thing in people's lives

friend who just followed bands in williamsburg?

once you get involved in your music community....

the grill community?

let's talk about us and our qualifications

how we're going to make money - engaged communities

once we've got this community using the app to find music we can study what they're doing, talk to them, figure out how the app can bring people together

target certain areas super tightly - either we're not in an area or we're in it hard, no half way

nightlife facts




just a listing of live music- right now it's fragmented mostly on bar calendars and band facebook pages 90% of the time
recorded music and broadcast tv is breaking up, soundcloud, youtube, instagram famous, like that's the trend, you can access shit your damn self, you don't need to go through record labels and network channels to get access to viewers, you can create your own following and then the big guys will come to you- 

- you know everyone every show you go to becuase everyone follows their people around

- in early startups and making money off of users, we're always 